Added docs for subcommands, message creator, and context menu commands (#120)
botlabs-gg/yagpdb-docs-v2: content/docs/custom-commands/commands.md

{{< /callout >}}

> ###### Subcommands

Reviewer: It is a bit unfortunate that we are now at a header level 6 (`<h6>`) for a perfectly reasonable section that could have been better suited at a higher level, but whatever. At some point in the future we could consider moving these to their own page, giving us some heading levels back.
Not worth obsessing over.

When subcommands are enabled:

- The command has **no top-level options** — Discord does not allow a command to have both subcommands and top-level options. Options are defined per subcommand instead.
- Each subcommand has its own **Name** (1–32 lowercase characters: letters, numbers, dashes and underscores, unique within the command), **Description** (1–100 characters), and up to **25 options** configured exactly like the top-level options described above.
- At least one subcommand (with a name and description) is required, otherwise the command will not save.

The invoked subcommand name is exposed to the response as `.SubCommand`, and that subcommand's option values are available through `.Options`, `.Args`, and `.CmdArgs` just like a command without subcommands.

```yag
{{ if eq .SubCommand "add" }}
  {{ addRoleID .Options.role }}
  Added {{ (getRole .Options.role).Name }}.
{{ else if eq .SubCommand "remove" }}
  {{ removeRoleID .Options.role }}
  Removed {{ (getRole .Options.role).Name }}.
{{ end }}
```

{{< callout context="caution" title="Warning: Subcommand limits" icon="outline/info-circle" >}}

> The number of subcommands per command shares the same limit as slash commands themselves: at most **3** on free servers, raised to **10** on [premium](/docs/welcome/premium) servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have at most **3** subcommands *per slash command* on free servers, raised to **10** on [premium](/docs/welcome/premium) servers.
```

Is my understanding correct that this limit is set to effectively 3*3=9 sub commands? If not, do ignore this suggestion.

Author: It's up to 3 top level slash commands which can have upto 3 subcommands. 
with premium it's up to 10 top level slash command which can have upto 10 subcommands.

{{< /callout >}}

##### User Context Menu

> This trigger type registers a native Discord **user [context menu command](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/26501837786775-Slash-Commands-FAQ)** — an entry in the **Apps** submenu that appears when you right-click (or long-press) a user. The command executes against the selected user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This trigger type registers a native Discord **user [context menu command](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/26501837786775-Slash-Commands-FAQ)** --- an entry in the **Apps** submenu that appears when you right-click (or long-press) a user.
The command executes against the selected user.
```

For proper rendering of em-dashes (in source and html), we use three hyphens. I don't recall whether we had them connect, like `word---other word` or separate. (Personally I like the latter more, it's cleaner)
Also, each sentence on its own line :^)

###### Accessing the target in the response

| Field                   | Description                                                                                     |
| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `.CommandType`          | `"user"` for this trigger type.                                                                 |
| `.TargetUser`           | The user that was right-clicked.                                                                |
| `.TargetMember`         | The member object for the right-clicked user.                                                   |
| `.Author`               | The user who invoked the command.                                                               |
| `.CommandName` / `.Cmd` | The command name that was run.                                                                  |
| `.IsContextMenuCommand` | `true` when the command was triggered by a context menu command.                                |
| `.Interaction`          | The triggering [interaction](/docs/reference/custom-interactions#parsing-an-interaction) object.|

> | `.InteractionData`      | The raw application command interaction data from Discord.                                       |

Reviewer: style nit
```suggestion
| `.InteractionData`      | The raw application command interaction data from Discord.                                      |
```

```yag
{{ .Author.Mention }} gave a cookie to {{ .TargetUser.Mention }} 🍪
```

{{< callout context="caution" title="Warning: No member context" icon="outline/info-circle" >}}

Similar to the [Role Change](#role-changes) trigger, `.Member` and `.User` are **not** available in context menu commands, and there is no source `.Message`.
The person who invoked the command is exposed as `.Author`, and the right-clicked user is `.TargetUser` / `.TargetMember`.

> Any function that relies on `.Member` or `.User` will not work — for example, use `targetHasRole` instead of `hasRole`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any function that relies on `.Member` or `.User` will not work --- for example, use `targetHasRole` instead of `hasRole`.
```
same em-dash thing here

`sendDM` is also disabled, so a context menu command cannot be used to DM an arbitrary target.

{{< /callout >}}

##### Message Context Menu

> This trigger type registers a native Discord **message [context menu command](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/26501837786775-Slash-Commands-FAQ)** — an entry in the **Apps** submenu that appears when you right-click (or long-press) a message. The command executes against the selected message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This trigger type registers a native Discord **message [context menu command](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/26501837786775-Slash-Commands-FAQ)** --- an entry in the **Apps** submenu that appears when you right-click (or long-press) a message.
The command executes against the selected message.
```

> It behaves identically to the [User Context Menu](#user-context-menu) trigger — same naming rules, no description or options, and the same interaction-based response — except for what is exposed to the response:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It behaves identically to the [User Context Menu](#user-context-menu) trigger --- same naming rules, no description or options, and the same interaction-based response --- except for what is exposed to the response:
```

| ----------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `.CommandType`          | `"message"` for this trigger type.                                                              |
| `.Message`              | The message that was right-clicked.                                                             |
| `.TargetUser`           | The author of the right-clicked message.                                                        |
| `.TargetMember`         | The member object for the message author.                                                       |
| `.Author`               | The user who invoked the command.                                                               |
| `.CommandName` / `.Cmd` | The command name that was run.                                                                  |
| `.IsContextMenuCommand` | `true` when the command was triggered by a context menu command.                                |
| `.Interaction`          | The triggering [interaction](/docs/reference/custom-interactions#parsing-an-interaction) object.|

> | `.InteractionData`      | The raw application command interaction data from Discord.                                       |

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
| `.InteractionData`      | The raw application command interaction data from Discord.                                      |
```

> Unlike the user context menu, the message type does have a `.Message` — it is the full right-clicked message (with its content, author, and so on). `.TargetUser` / `.TargetMember` refer to that message's author, and `.Author` is the member who invoked the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the user context menu, the message type does have a `.Message` --- it is the full right-clicked message (with its content, author, and so on). `.TargetUser` / `.TargetMember` refer to that message's author, and `.Author` is the member who invoked the command.
```
